QGIS is GPLv2+ (#875)
qgis/QGIS-Website: source/site/getinvolved/development/contributor_requirements.rst

  in the Development Corner, and the CODING document in the root of the QGIS
  Sources.
* Ensure that all code committed to the repository is unencumbered and compatible

>   with the QGIS license, GPL version 2 or above

Reviewer: Hi. just stumbled across this and.. Isn't the term usually
GPL version 2 or later ?
That would sound more common to me.

Author: I took the expression from the project's README. I agree that "or later" is more frequently used. I would just try to keep a coherency, and change the README if we use "or later" here too.

Reviewer: the most used term I could find everywhere was: GNU Public License (GPL) Version 2 or any later version.
and that sounds nice and is also now stated in the README of QGIS.
If you'd like to change that I am going to pull the last PR in ;)

>   with the QGIS license, GPL version 2 or above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  with the QGIS license, GNU Public License (GPL) Version 2 or any later version.
```
